README.md, before:

# Sirko Client

It is a JavaScript client for [Sirko Engine](https://github.com/dnesteryuk/sirko-engine). This client tracks information about navigation of users on a site and gets prediction from the engine in order to prerender the next page which most likely will be visited by the current user.

A full description of the prerendering idea can be found in [this article](http://nesteryuk.info/2016/09/27/prerendering-pages-in-browsers.html).

## Development

  - [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/) is used for bundling scripts.
  - [Mocha framework](https://mochajs.org/) is used as a JavaScript test framework since it plays nicely with [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/testing.html). All tests use a [default assertion](https://nodejs.org/api/assert.html) library supplied by Node.js.
  - [Babeljs](https://babeljs.io/) is used to benefit from the ES2015 JavaScript syntax.

### Setup

Install dependencies:

```
$ npm install
```

### Start

```
$ npm start
```

This command launches Webpack in the development mode (all scripts get recompiled once changes are saved).

### Testing

Executing of tests is achieved via the [webpack development server](http://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html) which gets launched by:

```
$ npm test
```

now tests can be executed in a browser by opening [http://localhost:8080/test](http://localhost:8080/test).

### Production build

```
$ NODE_ENV=production webpack
```

Commit message:

TravisCI & Karma runner (issue #4)
Unfortunately, the webpack-dev-server isn't flexible enough for launching tests.
Especially, it is tricky to use this runner in a CI service. Therefore, the Karma runner
(https://karma-runner.github.io/1.0/index.html) replaced the webpack-dev-server
as more flexible and configurable test runner. Currently, it is configured to launch locally tests
in the Chrome.

Besides introducing the Karma runner, the TravisCI got set up to launch tests in Firefox (it
is shiped by the TravisCI, therefore, there won't be extra time spent on intalling a browser).

README.md, after:

# Sirko Client

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dnesteryuk/sirko-client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dnesteryuk/sirko-client)

It is a JavaScript client for [Sirko Engine](https://github.com/dnesteryuk/sirko-engine). This client tracks information about navigation of users on a site and gets prediction from the engine in order to prerender the next page which most likely will be visited by the current user.

A full description of the prerendering idea can be found in [this article](http://nesteryuk.info/2016/09/27/prerendering-pages-in-browsers.html).

## Development

### Major dependencies

  - [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/) packages the final script which should be included into the site.
  - [Babeljs](https://babeljs.io/) compiles our ES2015 JavaScript code to code supported by current versions of browsers.
  - [Mocha framework](https://mochajs.org/) is used as a JavaScript test framework since it plays nicely with [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/testing.html). All tests use a [default assertion](https://nodejs.org/api/assert.html) library supplied by Node.js.
  - [Karma runner](http://karma-runner.github.io/) launches tests in different browsers to prove that the client works fine.

### Setup

Install dependencies:

```
$ npm install
```

### Start

```
$ npm start
```

This command launches Webpack in the development mode (all scripts get recompiled once changes are saved).

### Testing

```
$ npm test
```

It will launch the Chrome browser and keep it running to re-launch tests when the code get changed.

### Production build

```
$ NODE_ENV=production webpack
```

It builds the `dist/sirko.js` script which should be included into the site.
